Did you hear?
Marty was picked up by the top gifter
Right at the entrance of the company
This is too blatant
What's the top gifter like?
Is it a handsome guy who can see Marty?
An old toad
Hahaha
Maybe live streaming host Marty stole your show
He's so unscrupulous
You should think of a way too
His means
I can't learn
You didn't look for Zhou Yanjing before to strike up a conversation with him
Don't talk about yourself so lofty?
Just wait and see
Didn't I tell you to dress sexy?
Ah, I'm telling you, if you want to get things done, don't be squeamish with me
Do you hear me?
Then you tell me
Who's in there?
Hey don't ask so much
Remember what I said.
go in
Xu?
I know your concern.
I also want "Financial News" to last a long time, don't I?
I know you planned and made this thing.
You're not reconciled to just leaving it to marty, are you?
Then you have to work hard yourself.
So who is in the box?
They're advertising investors.
Marty's top gifter
Don't worry so much
OK.
Just listen to me.
Remember
Let's go
Don't solve MARTY
Don't say "Financial Times"
I'm going to lose my job sooner or later
Mr. Zhou can help me once
But it is absolutely impossible to help me for the rest of my life
Gone anyway
Then I'll see
Let's communicate who the big shot is